Add documentation for configuring rate limits in Bits AI SRE (#32184)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/bits_ai/bits_ai_sre/rate_limits.md

# Rate limits

> Rate limits let you control how many investigations Bits AI SRE automatically runs. You can configure limits both **per monitor** and **across your entire organization**, applied over a rolling 24-hour window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rate limits define the maximum number of automatic investigations Bits AI SRE can run in a rolling 24-hour period.
```

After a rate limit is reached, automatic investigations stop until the window resets. Manual investigations—triggered from Datadog or Slack—are still allowed even when limits are reached.

## Types of rate limits

### Monitor limits

> Monitor limits control how often a specific monitor can trigger an investigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls how often an investigation is triggered from a single monitor alert within a rolling 24 hour window.
```

Reviewer: The monitor doesn't trigger the investigation

> While usage is tracked per monitor, the limit value is set globally and applies to all monitors.

Reviewer: > While usage is tracked per monitor, the limit value is set globally and applies to all monitors.

I don't understand what this means

Reviewer: Let's just remove this line altogether

**Default:** Each monitor can trigger one automatic investigation per 24 hours.

### Org-wide limits

> Org-wide limits define the total number of investigations Bits AI SRE can run across your entire organization within 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Organization limit defines the total number of investigations Bits AI SRE can run across your entire organization within 24 hours.
```

**Default:** No limit—Bits AI SRE can run an unlimited number of investigations organization-wide.

## Set a rate limit

To set a rate limit:
1. Navigate to [Bits AI SRE > Settings](https://app.datadoghq.com/bits-ai/settings/)
2. Click Rate Limits
3. Toggle on the rate limit you want to enable

> 4. Set the maximum number of investigations that can run within a 24-hour window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set the maximum number of investigations that can run within a rolling 24-hour window
```

5. Click Save

<p align="center">
<img width="504" height="246" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/71a7d267-88dd-4b7d-8cba-7f74957f44d2" />
</p>

> After enabling, Bits AI SRE automatically enforces your configured limits. You can update or disable limits at any time from the same page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
